README.md, before:

# VideoClipper
Cut ShadowPlay clips and combine the two audio tracks.

I made this because I record my ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks: game/desktop audio and microphone audio. The built-in video editor and exporter in ShadowPlay doesn't let me edit clips with 2 tracks. Instead of opening a video editor like Davinci Resolve just to trim one file and combine audio tracks, I built this `ffmpeg` wrapper to do that for me.

If you don't record ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks, you don't need this program.

## Installation
1. Download and install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html).
    1.  `winget` is an easy way to install it on Windows: `winget install ffmpeg`
2. Download the installer from the [Releases](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/releases) page.
    1. This ensures you have dependencies like vcredist and WebView2.

## Features
- File picker
- Video preview with slider to select start and end timestamps
- Text input for output filename
- Mute or unmute microphone track
- Choose whether or not to overwrite an existing output file (not tested)
- Save new video file by calling `ffmpeg` directly in a shell

## Usage
1. Select a video to clip
2. Select a start and end time with the slider
3. (Optional) Enter a filename for the output file
4. Choose whether to include the microphone audio track in the output
5. Process the video

The output file goes into the same folder as the selected input video.

![screenshot](./public/videoclipper_screenshot.png)

Commit message:

Remove Image from Bundle
- Decrease bundle size
- Change default output file name
- Delete random Tauri log

README.md, after:

# VideoClipper
Trim ShadowPlay clips and combine the two audio tracks.

Made with [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) and [React](https://react.dev/).

I made this because I record my ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks: game/desktop audio and microphone audio. The built-in video editor and exporter in ShadowPlay doesn't let me edit clips with 2 tracks. Instead of opening a video editor like Davinci Resolve just to trim one file and combine audio tracks, I built this `ffmpeg` wrapper to do that for me.

If you don't record ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks, you don't need this program.

## Installation
1. Download and install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html).
    1.  `winget` is an easy way to install it on Windows: `winget install ffmpeg`
2. Download and run an installer from the [Releases](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/releases) page.
    1. This ensures you have dependencies like vcredist and WebView2.

## Features
- Video preview with slider to select start and end timestamps
- File picker
- Text input for output filename
- Mute or unmute microphone track
- Choose whether or not to overwrite an existing output file
- Save new video file by calling `ffmpeg` directly

## Usage
1. Select a video to trim
2. Select a start and end time with the slider
3. Enter a filename for the output file
4. Choose whether to include the microphone audio track in the output
5. Process the video

The output file goes into the same folder as the selected input video.

![screenshot](./res/videoclipper_screenshot.png)
